the-challenges.md, before:

# The Challenges

Welcome to my challenge-list. The following five challenges will be my focus from the 21.11.2022 to the 21.12.2022. Each
challenge will be described in detail with a given reason why I have chosen those challenge.

- [ ] No Alcohol! ✋🍷🛑
- [ ] Sport - Six times a week! 🏃

---
---

## 1. No Alcohol! ✋🍷🛑

This one sounds easy but for me, I have to admit, it is probably the most difficult one:

- Between the 21.11.2022 and the 21.12.2022 I will abstain from any alcoholic substance.

---

#### Why is it the most challenging part for me u ask?

Most friends of mine are like to drink there and now alcohol. It feels like our society is so focused on the fact that
drinking alcohol is the most common thing to do when going in the city or going on a party. When u refuse to drink
people almost always asking: "Ohh, why that? Everything O.K with you?". It is like u get blamed or something
similar...it makes it difficult to really mentally be and stay in the state of no drinking. And I will be honest here: I
am drinking way too much for my goals and my health. I even don't want to drink but my brain is so accustomed to
drinking regular alcohol, it just feels really like an automatism.

So yes, this is why...I'm not proud of it but that's the reason why I'm doing this, and I am looking forward to killing
this habit from my life - to get to the point where drinking some alcohol is an absolutely rare thing and maybe then
even a small thing and no hangover like these days.

---
---

## 2. Sport - Six times a week! 🏃

Before you are going to jump out of the window, let me the number 'six' explain. Six times doesn't have to mean you have
to go enrage everyday day with your body. With my level of intensity it wouldn't be healthy. My goal is to get used to
do something every day. So this is the challenge:

- Between the 21.11.2022 and the 21.12.2022 I will do six times a week sport. This can be anything from running to
  crossfit to biking

---
To be able to do this I have to get used to train six times a week. So in this challenge I will give me an exception
under one term:

- If my muscles are not regenerate fast enough I am allowed to shift my intense to the lower part (e.g. reduce running
  speed/time).
- If I have an injury which forces me to lay down a session I am allowed to do so. But in this case I will, if my injury
  allows it, go out for a walk or something similar.

---

#### Why six times and how do they look?

My long term goal is to run a marathon. For this I need to run at least four times a week. In addition, I don't want to
get lost in running alone because strength matters to for daily health and maybe a little for the eye to. 😉

So how could a week look like if my muscles are able to do regenerate enough between each day:

<ol>
<li>Crossfit    -> high intense</li>
<li>Running     -> low intense, long duration</li>
<li>Running     -> middle intense, short duration</li>
<li>Crossfit    -> high intense</li>
<li>Running     -> high intense, short duration</li>
<li>Running     -> really low intense, long duration (active rest)</li>
<li>Rest day</li>
</ol>

---
---

## 3. Regeneration and Mental health 🕯️

Short and simple:

- Between the 21.11.2022 and the 21.12.2022 I will focus on my regeneration and mental health. This includes daily
  stretching/coordinate-training, breath-meditation, supplements intake and social detoxing.

---

#### Stretching/Coordinate-Training

Through my running training I have recognized that a part of my hip which is connected to my left thigh has some
problems. Intense workouts creating a blockage in this centered point which is in the depth of the joint. How can I fix
this? Stretching, stretching and stretching...and some coordination training! 20 Minutes a day should do it.

I will combine a set of varying exercises from my marathon-book and yoga-routines.

#### Breath-Meditation

CO2 capacity and the way I breathe is important for the health and as hobby athlete. So my goal here is to do every day
a wim hof [breathing exercise](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tybOi4hjZFQ). This helps me to relax myself and my
thoughts and maximize my CO2 capacity and efficiency.

#### Supplements

Really simple: take my pills! lol

<ul>
<li>Vitamin B-Complex for nervous-system and concentration</li>
<li>Magnesium/Zinc Complex for muscle regeneration</li>
<li>Omega-3 for Omega-3/Omega-6 balance</li>
<li>'Heilerde' for better digestive-system</li>
<li>MAP Protein for muscle regeneration and build up</li>
</ul>

#### Social-Detoxing

This is a bad one! This kind of addiction is almost I would say dangerous. Check 1000 times your phone, your messages,
your instagram feed, stories from your 100. of 'friends', watching between every free minute a video or short on YouTube
and co. If you don't pay attention you get lost in it and will feel empty or bad for all the cool things you miss and
all the things you don't have because your 'friends' have such a better life like u seeing it on Instagram and co.

Just don't use this shit, delete it and use it maybe once a week if u just want to check messages from people.

---
---

## 4. Diet 🍲

Short and logical:

- Between the 21.11.2022 and the 21.12.2022 I will focus on a healthy diet which won't be fast food, self cooked and
  good for my athletic goals which will be combined with healthy fasting times mixed from daily fasting to prolonged
  fasting. In addition, this diet will be fully vegetarian and the only non-vegan products are high quality biological
  produced products.

---

Diet is as important as sport itself. Your body needs to get the resources and off time it deserves. Fasting helps your
body to relax and strengthening its cells and immune system. Healthy food helps the body to build muscles and
functioning mechanism. So in the end both is important.

## 5. ...

TODO: task bold and in pretty div and blocksatz

Commit message:

the-challenges.md: 5. Have fun - respect yourself!

the-challenges.md, after:

# The Challenges

Welcome to my challenge-list. The following five challenges will be my focus from the 21.11.2022 to the 21.12.2022. Each
challenge will be described in detail with a given reason why I have chosen those challenge.

- [ ] No Alcohol! ✋🍷🛑
- [ ] Sport - Six times a week! 🏃

---
---

## 1. No Alcohol! ✋🍷🛑

This one sounds easy but for me, I have to admit, it is probably the most difficult one:

- Between the 21.11.2022 and the 21.12.2022 I will abstain from any alcoholic substance.

---

#### Why is it the most challenging part for me u ask?

Most friends of mine are like to drink there and now alcohol. It feels like our society is so focused on the fact that
drinking alcohol is the most common thing to do when going in the city or going on a party. When u refuse to drink
people almost always asking: "Ohh, why that? Everything O.K with you?". It is like u get blamed or something
similar...it makes it difficult to really mentally be and stay in the state of no drinking. And I will be honest here: I
am drinking way too much for my goals and my health. I even don't want to drink but my brain is so accustomed to
drinking regular alcohol, it just feels really like an automatism.

So yes, this is why...I'm not proud of it but that's the reason why I'm doing this, and I am looking forward to killing
this habit from my life - to get to the point where drinking some alcohol is an absolutely rare thing and maybe then
even a small thing and no hangover like these days.

---
---

## 2. Sport - Six times a week! 🏃

Before you are going to jump out of the window, let me the number 'six' explain. Six times doesn't have to mean you have
to go enrage everyday day with your body. With my level of intensity it wouldn't be healthy. My goal is to get used to
do something every day. So this is the challenge:

- Between the 21.11.2022 and the 21.12.2022 I will do six times a week sport. This can be anything from running to
  crossfit to biking

---
To be able to do this I have to get used to train six times a week. So in this challenge I will give me an exception
under one term:

- If my muscles are not regenerate fast enough I am allowed to shift my intense to the lower part (e.g. reduce running
  speed/time).
- If I have an injury which forces me to lay down a session I am allowed to do so. But in this case I will, if my injury
  allows it, go out for a walk or something similar.

---

#### Why six times and how do they look?

My long term goal is to run a marathon. For this I need to run at least four times a week. In addition, I don't want to
get lost in running alone because strength matters to for daily health and maybe a little for the eye to. 😉

So how could a week look like if my muscles are able to do regenerate enough between each day:

<ol>
<li>Crossfit    -> high intense</li>
<li>Running     -> low intense, long duration</li>
<li>Running     -> middle intense, short duration</li>
<li>Crossfit    -> high intense</li>
<li>Running     -> high intense, short duration</li>
<li>Running     -> really low intense, long duration (active rest)</li>
<li>Rest day</li>
</ol>

---
---

## 3. Regeneration and Mental health 🕯️

Short and simple:

- Between the 21.11.2022 and the 21.12.2022 I will focus on my regeneration and mental health. This includes daily
  stretching/coordinate-training, breath-meditation, supplements intake and social detoxing.

---

#### Stretching/Coordinate-Training

Through my running training I have recognized that a part of my hip which is connected to my left thigh has some
problems. Intense workouts creating a blockage in this centered point which is in the depth of the joint. How can I fix
this? Stretching, stretching and stretching...and some coordination training! 20 Minutes a day should do it.

I will combine a set of varying exercises from my marathon-book and yoga-routines.

#### Breath-Meditation

CO2 capacity and the way I breathe is important for the health and as hobby athlete. So my goal here is to do every day
a wim hof [breathing exercise](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tybOi4hjZFQ). This helps me to relax myself and my
thoughts and maximize my CO2 capacity and efficiency.

#### Supplements

Really simple: take my pills! lol

<ul>
<li>Vitamin B-Complex for nervous-system and concentration</li>
<li>Magnesium/Zinc Complex for muscle regeneration</li>
<li>Omega-3 for Omega-3/Omega-6 balance</li>
<li>'Heilerde' for better digestive-system</li>
<li>MAP Protein for muscle regeneration and build up</li>
</ul>

#### Social-Detoxing

This is a bad one! This kind of addiction is almost I would say dangerous. Check 1000 times your phone, your messages,
your instagram feed, stories from your 100. of 'friends', watching between every free minute a video or short on YouTube
and co. If you don't pay attention you get lost in it and will feel empty or bad for all the cool things you miss and
all the things you don't have because your 'friends' have such a better life like u seeing it on Instagram and co.

Just don't use this shit, delete it and use it maybe once a week if u just want to check messages from people.

---
---

## 4. Diet 🍲

Short and logical:

- Between the 21.11.2022 and the 21.12.2022 I will focus on a healthy diet which won't be fast food, self cooked and
  good for my athletic goals which will be combined with healthy fasting times mixed from daily fasting to prolonged
  fasting. In addition, this diet will be fully vegetarian and the only non-vegan products are high quality biological
  produced products.

---

Diet is as important as sport itself. Your body needs to get the resources and off time it deserves. Fasting helps your
body to relax and strengthening its cells and immune system. Healthy food helps the body to build muscles and
functioning mechanism. So in the end both is important.

## 5. Have fun - respect yourself! 🙏🏽

Last but not least one almost as important as all other challenges:

- Between the 21.11.2022 and the 21.12.2022 I will respect myself with all my decisions no matter what outcome this
  project will come. I will love myself and be happy and proud of all the things I do. I will not myself get pulled down
  by other hate, negative emotions or actions which makes me uncomfortable.

---

This one is a good one! Why? Because I know me. I know that I am letting myself hanging sometimes and get in a really
sad mood due others actions. I don't have to explain these, because that doesn't matter. What matters is how I deal with
it. And this is why I want to focus myself on my happiness, my gratitude and my kind-fullness.

TODO: task bold and in pretty div and blocksatz
